Hey guys, and welcome to the lesson on Bitcoin core.
So with that, I want to ask you,
why did we choose Bitcoin core for this lesson?
So, honestly the motivation was the fact that
Bitcoin core literally was the original Bitcoin.
So, Bitcoin, when Satoshi Nakamoto released it to the community,
it went through a lot of trials and tribulations especially when we started doing
soft forks and hard forks and we have new forks like Bitcoin cash,
which almost adds confusion to the adoption of this technology.
So, the original community decided to go with
Bitcoin core because it is the core bitcoin that literally started it all.
And so we wanted to go ahead and establish the fundamentals right from the source.
Right? And that's why we selected Bitcoin core.
That makes sense. So going back to where it all started,
there was a lot of work that's been done on it through the years.
With that in mind, what excites you about Bitcoin core?
Number one excitement is the fact that it was the original, right.
I like the idea that we can take something that was so new and improve it over time.
And so, honestly, by admiring Bitcoin Core,
it allows me to respect the motivations the fork with
Bitcoin cash and the new technologies that we're
seeing float today within the blockchain space.
And so to me it reminds me of the fundamentals.
That's another reason why I absolutely love Bitcoin core.
It's because it just establishes those fundamentals for
me and I believe for everybody in the community.
Yeah. We can see a lot of the basics actually all
go back to it and so we can really experience it there.
So do have any advice for students as they're starting off this lesson?
Yes. So the tooling is extremely important.
And as we noticed,
there's so many different platforms.
So some of the things that we're going to do with
Bitcoin core is really focus on what type of
tooling is there and that tooling should allow an introduction to other platforms.
We want to try keeping it as universal as possible.
So, the message that we're going to learn within our program is absolutely
adaptable no matter what platform you decide to choose within the blockchain space.
Yeah. I think that's a great perspective to have as they're beginning this lesson.
Well, so with that, let's get started